{"links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/ignitionrobotics/ign-gui/pullrequests/143/comments/72255158.json"}, "html": {"href": "#!/ignitionrobotics/ign-gui/pull-requests/143/_/diff#comment-72255158"}}, "parent": {"id": 71748097, "links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/ignitionrobotics/ign-gui/pullrequests/143/comments/71748097.json"}, "html": {"href": "#!/ignitionrobotics/ign-gui/pull-requests/143/_/diff#comment-71748097"}}}, "deleted": false, "pullrequest": {"type": "pullrequest", "id": 143, "links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/ignitionrobotics/ign-gui/pullrequests/143.json"}, "html": {"href": "#!/ignitionrobotics/ign-gui/pull-requests/143"}}, "title": "Remove override of OnVisibilityChange for display plugins"}, "content": {"raw": "the bottling issue is turning out to be complicated \\([#!/ignitionrobotics/ign-rendering/issues/28](#!/ignitionrobotics/ign-rendering/issues/28)\\) and is starting to block a few PRs on this repo. If we don't want to merge these PRs to default until OS X is fixed, what do you think about targeting these PRs to a display\\_plugins branch so that we can get the PRs reviewed and merged, and then when the ignition rendering bottle is released we can merge display\\_plugins into default?", "markup": "markdown", "html": "<p>the bottling issue is turning out to be complicated (<a data-is-external-link=\"true\" href=\"#!/ignitionrobotics/ign-rendering/issues/28\" rel=\"nofollow\">#!/ignitionrobotics/ign-rendering/issues/28</a>) and is starting to block a few PRs on this repo. If we don't want to merge these PRs to default until OS X is fixed, what do you think about targeting these PRs to a display_plugins branch so that we can get the PRs reviewed and merged, and then when the ignition rendering bottle is released we can merge display_plugins into default?</p>", "type": "rendered"}, "created_on": "2018-08-07T17:35:34.931185+00:00", "user": {"display_name": "Deanna Hood", "uuid": "{40d490b4-7de9-4c89-ac1c-2219a22057eb}", "links": {"self": {"href": "https://api.bitbucket.org/2.0/users/%7B40d490b4-7de9-4c89-ac1c-2219a22057eb%7D"}, "html": {"href": "https://bitbucket.org/%7B40d490b4-7de9-4c89-ac1c-2219a22057eb%7D/"}, "avatar": {"href": "https://avatar-management--avatars.us-west-2.prod.public.atl-paas.net/557058:ec666897-79d8-48b4-ae27-4f0e9e56f5b5/f7b56737-eb1f-481f-beb1-50c179565cf4/128"}}, "nickname": "d_hood", "type": "user", "account_id": "557058:ec666897-79d8-48b4-ae27-4f0e9e56f5b5"}, "updated_on": "2018-08-07T17:35:34.938702+00:00", "type": "pullrequest_comment", "id": 72255158}